Autobiography of Dr. Frank Dougewd
Written in the 782nd year

I, Dr. Frank Dave Dougewd, ventured forth upon the first of Hapenstuary, of the
768th year from mine home town of Abdesef. It was such the time that the pear
trees of Abdesef were in full bloom, the blossoms resplendent and the fruit were
ripe. To my great unfortunance, it was not my disposition at the time such that
I could acknowledge these facets of my surroundings, the great realisation had
yet to bless my being.

I ventured far and an wide to many a dungeon and city, discovered many of the
yet undiscovered lands of Iiag, the plains of Falketh, the forests of Remsk'ul,
the river Quazeth. Many wonders did I see, and many terrors as well. But it was
in the thrice year from my departure, again on the first of Hapenstuary, that
I saw the truth of my actions, and of my fate.

I was riding the great roadways that connected the cities of the Misriyyun
empire, to the great city of Perbas, whence I encountered a traveler upon
the road, who was traveling in the direction against my own. My trusted horse,
Drobastengeb, whom I acquired in an illegal gambling house in the backwater
district of Nuhorhorhet, neighed to his sight and slowed from a paceful trot to
a stop. As such, I cried out to the traveler:

"Harken traveller! To where dost thou travel?"

"To Tenkhethor I go. To Tenkhethor, I fall."

He responded with such a riddle that I did not understand that which he meant.
To mention Tenkhethor, the lost city of the fallen god Duatpishaten, as his
desitination of all places. Such mystery did this traveller appear to portray.
He had a tattered black cloak, underwhich he wore what appeared to be a full
suit of quaz mail, as if he was a vagrant bound for a sanguinary battle.

"To Tenkhethor? What dost thou mean, uttering such a phrase?" I responded.

"It is good that thou acknowledge thy confusion my dear Dr. Dougewd."

"What manner of being art thou? Knowing my name and speaking of such a place as
thy destination?"

He responded with silence, silence unfounded in reality. Of such lengths were
those moments that I could not comprehend the passage of time. Yet after
a breathless eternity did the aforementioned time did flow once again. Yet
the traveller no longer held the appearance of a man, though his face was
concealed by the cloak he did wear. I quickly dismounted from Drobastengeb, and
with purpose walked up to the man. In one swift movement, I tore the cloak from
his head and revealed that which was contained beneath. As his form was revealed,
I heard a voice, no doubt is there now that it was from directed from
Tenkhethor:

"Behold! This is the truth!"

And beholden it was, just in the shape of a y, the land fiish! The traveller
was the many and one land fiish! And so glorious was the truth revealed to me
that I fell to my knees in astonishment and cried a great many tears. All of
the world I thought I knew was undone, by the splendor of the land fiish,
my life upon this Iiag began anew. Such is the land fiish.
